docs: update README to include new features (#81)
getsentry/sentry-kubernetes: README.md

- `SENTRY_K8S_LOG_LEVEL` - logging level. Can be `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `disabled`. Default is `info`.

> - `SENTRY_K8S_MONITOR_CRONJOBS` - enables Sentry Crons integration for `CronJob` objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SENTRY_K8S_MONITOR_CRONJOBS` - if set to `1`, enables Sentry Crons integration for `CronJob` objects. Disabled by default.
```

> - `SENTRY_K8S_CUSTOM_DSNS` - enables custom DSN to be specified in the `annotations` with key `k8s.sentry.io/dsn` which would take precedence over the environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SENTRY_K8S_CUSTOM_DSNS` - if set to `1`, enables custom DSN to be specified in the `annotations` with key `k8s.sentry.io/dsn` which would take precedence over `SENTRY_DSN. Disabled by default.
```
